{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab360{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fcharset1 MS Sans Serif;}
{\f3\fswiss Arial;}
{\f4\fswiss\fprq2 System;}
}
{\colortbl
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red174\green37\blue17;
\red0\green0\blue255;
}
{\pard\plain\f0\fs20
{\up #}{\footnote {\up #}con.sqhqp}
{\up $}{\footnote {\up $}MSTORESAPP Help Contents}
{\up +}{\footnote {\up +}DUMMY:1}{\up K}{\footnote {\up K}Contents;MASTAPP}
}
\deflang1024\pard\keepn\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs24\cf1\b STORESAPP Help Contents\plain\lang1033\f2\fs20 
\par \plain\f0\fs20\cf0
\deflang1024\pard\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs5\cf2\b  
\par \pard\plain\f3\fs2\cf2\b  
\par \pard\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs20 Click the underlined text that matches a button's label to learn more about the Items of  \plain\f3\fs22 STORESAPP\plain\f3\fs20  .
\par \plain\f3\fs3  
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Help for each button describes the button's purpose in the application, lists the \plain\f3\fs22 STORESAPP\plain\f3\fs20  project files used to build that Item of the application, and details significant database and application features that the button illustrates.
\par \plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par \plain\f3\fs20 \{bmc MClip.bmp\}
\par \plain\f3\fs3  
\par \pard\li360\ri140\fi-180\tx360\plain\f3\fs20 \{bmc _bm0.bmp\}\tab \tab \plain\f3\fs20\cf1 {\uldb New Items}{\v IDH91gu6p>Main}\plain\f3\fs20  enters new customer orders.
\par \plain\f3\fs3  
\par \plain\f3\fs20 \{bmc _bm0.bmp\}\tab \tab \plain\f3\fs20\cf1 {\uldb Browse}{\v _ah3kj>Main}\plain\f3\fs20  examines existing orders.
\par \plain\f3\fs3  
\par \plain\f3\fs20 \{bmc _bm0.bmp\}\tab \tab {\uldb UNREGISTERED DEMO VERSION}{\v 23.5tz>Main} maintains the \plain\f3\fs22 STORES\plain\f3\fs20  inventory.
\par \plain\f3\fs3  
\par \plain\f3\fs20 \{bmc _bm0.bmp\}\tab \tab {\uldb Reports}{\v f3cj1p>Main} prints \plain\f3\fs22 STORESAPP\plain\f3\fs20  reports.
\par \plain\f3\fs3  
\par \plain\f3\fs20 \{bmc _bm0.bmp\}\tab \tab {\uldb Close}{\v Ind390vq2>Main} exits \plain\f3\fs22 STORESAPP\plain\f3\fs20 .
\par \plain\f3\fs3  
\par \plain\f3\fs20 \{bmc _bm0.bmp\}\tab \tab {\uldb Help}{\v 344ae.>Main} describes how \plain\f3\fs22 STORESAPP\plain\f3\fs20  help is implemented.
\par \plain\f3\fs3  
\par \pard\plain\f3\fs2  
\par \pard\li180\ri140\tx360\plain\f3\fs20 Click {\uldb UNREGISTERED DEMO VERSION}{\v Indkfnv34>Main} to learn about the banner that appears when you start \plain\f3\fs22 STORESAPP\plain\f3\fs20 .
\par \plain\f3\fs3  
\par This help file was created with an unregistered copy of Help & Manual. \'a9 EC Software. All rights reserved. This message will not appear if you compile this help file with the registered version of Help & Manual.
\par\pard

{\page}

{\pard\plain\f0\fs20
{\up #}{\footnote {\up #}a4i85y}
{\up $}{\footnote {\up $}Select Customer}
{\up +}{\footnote {\up +}DUMMY:1}{\up K}{\footnote {\up K}choose customers;customers by name}
}
\deflang1024\pard\keepn\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs24\cf1\b Select Customer NICE\plain\lang1033\f2\fs16 
\par \plain\f0\fs20\cf0
\deflang1024\pard\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs5\cf2\b  
\par \pard\plain\f3\fs2\cf2\b  
\par \pard\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs20 This form enables you to select a customer by name for placing new orders, or for browsing existing orders. Select the desired customer, and click OK. The Select Customer form is the same form used by {\uldb Select Item}{\v 2dma49>Main}, except that the data source and data fields are different.
\par \plain\f3\fs3  
\par  
\par This help file was created with an unregistered copy of Help & Manual. \'a9 EC Software. All rights reserved. This message will not appear if you compile this help file with the registered version of Help & Manual.
\par\pard

{\page}

{\pard\plain\f0\fs20
{\up #}{\footnote {\up #}2dma49}
{\up $}{\footnote {\up $}Select Item}
{\up +}{\footnote {\up +}DUMMY:1}{\up K}{\footnote {\up K}choose parts;parts by name;select parts}
}
\deflang1024\pard\keepn\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs24\cf1\b Select Item\plain\lang1033\f2\fs20 
\par \plain\f0\fs20\cf0
\deflang1024\pard\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs5\cf2\b  
\par \pard\plain\f3\fs2\cf2\b  
\par \pard\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs20 This form enables you to select a Item by name when entering customer orders. Select the desired Item, and click OK. The Select Item form is the same form used by {\uldb Select Customer}{\v a4i85y>Main}, except that the data source and data fields are different.
\par \plain\f3\fs3  
\par  
\par This help file was created with an unregistered copy of Help & Manual. \'a9 EC Software. All rights reserved. This message will not appear if you compile this help file with the registered version of Help & Manual.
\par\pard

{\page}

{\pard\plain\f0\fs20
{\up #}{\footnote {\up #}IDH91gu6p}
{\up $}{\footnote {\up $}New Orders}
{\up +}{\footnote {\up +}DUMMY:1}{\up K}{\footnote {\up K}enter new orders;new orders;orders}
}
\deflang1024\pard\keepn\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs24\cf1\b New Orders\plain\f3\fs24\cf2\b 
\par \plain\f3\fs5\cf2\b  
\par \plain\f0\fs20\cf0
\deflang1024\pard\plain\f3\fs2\cf2\b  
\par \pard\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs20 New Orders enables you to enter new customer orders, modify existing customer orders, browse existing orders, or print the current order.
\par \plain\f3\fs3  
\par \plain\f3\fs20 The form contains two \plain\f3\fs20\i TDBNavigator\plain\f3\fs20  controls, one for editing and inserting records, and another for navigating among records. When you enter a new record, the navigation buttons are disabled, and only the Post and Insert buttons are enabled on the other control. When you browse existing records, the navigation buttons are enabled. When you edit a record, all navigation buttons on both navigator controls are enabled as appropriate.
\par \plain\f3\fs3  
\par \pard\plain\f3\fs2  
\par \pard\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs20 A mode indicator in the upper right corner of the form indicates whether you are {\uldb inserting}{\v Indlzxm9k>Main}, {\uldb UNREGISTERED DEMO VERSION}{\v 0iq6rs>Main}, or {\uldb browsing}{\v _ao3_b>Main}.
\par \plain\f3\fs3  
\par  
\par 
\par 
\par \{bmc OrderClip.bmp\}
\par This help file was created with an unregistered copy of Help & Manual. \'a9 EC Software. All rights reserved. This message will not appear if you compile this help file with the registered version of Help & Manual.
\par\pard

{\page}

{\pard\plain\f0\fs20
{\up #}{\footnote {\up #}Indlzxm9k}
{\up $}{\footnote {\up $}Insert Mode}
{\up +}{\footnote {\up +}DUMMY:1}{\up K}{\footnote {\up K}insert mode;inserting orders}
}
\deflang1024\pard\keepn\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs24\cf1\b Insert Mode\plain\f3\fs5\cf2\b 
\par \plain\f0\fs20\cf0
\deflang1024\pard\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs24\cf2\b 
\par \plain\f3\fs5\cf2\b  
\par \pard\plain\f3\fs2\cf2\b  
\par \pard\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs20 The following behavior can be expected on the {\uldb New Orders}{\v IDH91gu6p>Main} form in insert mode.
\par \plain\f3\fs3  
\par \plain\f3\fs20 The OrderNo is automatically filled in with the next available order number and displayed in the upper right hand corner of the form. The Date \plain\f3\fs20\i TDBEdit\plain\f3\fs20  control is automatically filled in with today's date. Select a customer from the CompanyCombo \plain\f3\fs20\i TDBLookupComboBox.\plain\f3\fs20  When you select a customer from the list, the application fills in the rest of the customer information in the Bill To edit controls. You can cut and paste from the Bill To edit controls to the Ship To edit controls, or enter different values as appropriate.
\par \plain\f3\fs3  
\par \pard\plain\f3\fs2  
\par \pard\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs20 The Sold By, Terms, Payment, and Ship Via fields are TDBComboBox controls tied to the ORDERS table. You can select values for these fields from the drop-down lists.
\par \plain\f3\fs3  
\par \plain\f3\fs20 You can enter Items ordered by the customer in the TDBGrid control.  You can double-click in the grid, or click the ellipsis button in the grid to select Items from the STORES inventory. Both methods invoke the {\uldb Select Item}{\v 2dma49>Main} form.
\par \plain\f3\fs3  
\par \plain\f3\fs20 As Items are entered in the grid, calculations are automatically performed to update the values in the Subtotal, Tax Rate, Tax Total, Freight, and Due database edit controls. These controls, and the Paid control, are connected to the ORDERS table. When the new record is posted, these values are inserted into the ORDERS table.
\par \plain\f3\fs3  
\par This help file was created with an unregistered copy of Help & Manual. \'a9 EC Software. All rights reserved. This message will not appear if you compile this help file with the registered version of Help & Manual.
\par\pard

{\page}

{\pard\plain\f0\fs20
{\up #}{\footnote {\up #}0iq6rs}
{\up $}{\footnote {\up $}Edit Mode}
{\up +}{\footnote {\up +}DUMMY:1}{\up K}{\footnote {\up K}edit mode;editing orders}
}
\deflang1024\pard\keepn\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs24\cf1\b Edit Mode\plain\f2\fs16 
\par \plain\f0\fs20\cf0
\deflang1024\pard\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs24\cf2\b \{bmc BrowseClip.bmp\}
\par \plain\f3\fs5\cf2\b  
\par \pard\plain\f3\fs2\cf2\b  
\par \pard\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs20 The following behavior can be expected on the {\uldb UNREGISTERED DEMO VERSION}{\v IDH91gu6p>Main} form in edit mode.
\par \plain\f3\fs3  
\par \plain\f3\fs20 The first record in the ORDERS table is displayed in the form.  Use the navigation controls to scroll through all records. You can modify fields within records as long as those fields are not read-only.
\par \plain\f3\fs3  
\par \plain\f3\fs20 You can enter parts ordered by the customer in the TDBGrid control.  You can double-click in the grid, or click the ellipsis button in the grid to select parts from the STORES inventory. Both methods invoke the {\uldb Select Item}{\v 2dma49>Main} form.
\par \plain\f3\fs3  
\par \pard\plain\f3\fs2  
\par \pard\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs20 As Items are entered in the grid, calculations are automatically performed to update the values in the Subtotal, Tax Rate, Tax Total, Freight, and Due database edit controls. These controls, and the  Paid control, are connected to the ORDERS table. When the new record is posted, these values are inserted into the ORDERS table.
\par \plain\f3\fs3  
\par This help file was created with an unregistered copy of Help & Manual. \'a9 EC Software. All rights reserved. This message will not appear if you compile this help file with the registered version of Help & Manual.
\par\pard

{\page}

{\pard\plain\f0\fs20
{\up #}{\footnote {\up #}_ao3_b}
{\up $}{\footnote {\up $}Browse Mode}
{\up +}{\footnote {\up +}DUMMY:1}{\up K}{\footnote {\up K}browse mode;browsing orders}
}
\deflang1024\pard\keepn\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs24\cf1\b Browse Mode\plain\f3\fs5\cf2\b 
\par \plain\f0\fs20\cf0
\deflang1024\pard\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs24\cf2\b \{bmc BrowseClip.bmp\}
\par \plain\f3\fs5\cf2\b  
\par \pard\plain\f3\fs2\cf2\b  
\par \pard\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs20 The following behavior can be expected on the {\uldb New Orders}{\v IDH91gu6p>Main} form in edit mode.
\par \plain\f3\fs3  
\par \plain\f3\fs20 The first record in the ORDERS table is displayed in the form.  Use the navigation controls to scroll through all records.  If you attempt to modify any field in a record you enter {\uldb Edit Mode}{\v 0iq6rs>Main}.
\par \plain\f3\fs3  
\par This help file was created with an unregistered copy of Help & Manual. \'a9 EC Software. All rights reserved. This message will not appear if you compile this help file with the registered version of Help & Manual.
\par\pard

{\page}

{\pard\plain\f0\fs20
{\up #}{\footnote {\up #}_ah3kj}
{\up $}{\footnote {\up $}Browse}
{\up +}{\footnote {\up +}DUMMY:1}{\up K}{\footnote {\up K}browse orders by customers;customer orders;orders by customer}
}
\deflang1024\pard\keepn\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs24\cf1\b Browse\plain\f3\fs24\cf2\b 
\par \plain\f3\fs5\cf2\b  
\par \plain\f0\fs20\cf0
\deflang1024\pard\plain\f3\fs2\cf2\b  
\par \pard\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs20 To examine orders placed by customers, click the Browse button. It invokes the Orders By Customer form.
\par \plain\f3\fs3  
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Orders By Customer displays two \plain\f3\fs20\i TDBGrid\plain\f3\fs20  controls. The top control displays all STORES customers, ordered by customer number. When the form first appears, the first customer number in the CUSTOMER table is selected. The bottom grid displays all orders associated with the current customer number.
\par \plain\f3\fs3  
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Use the \plain\f3\fs20\i TDBNavigator\plain\f3\fs20  control to scroll on either grid. To establish which grid the navigator affects, click on the desired grid. If you scroll to a different record on the customer grid, the orders grid changes to reflect those orders associated with the current customer number. Scrolling the bottom grid lets you see all orders associated with the current customer number.
\par \plain\f3\fs3  
\par \pard\plain\f3\fs2  
\par \pard\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs20 The Define Query button invokes the Specify Range dialog box, where you can enter a narrower range of dates against which to check for customer invoices, in order to reduce the number of records returned in customer grid. After you define a query, use the Activate Query button to execute the query. When a query is active, the Activate Query button remains in a depressed state. To deactivate the query and restore the default customer list display, click the Activate Query button again.
\par \plain\f3\fs3  
\par \pard\plain\f3\fs2  
\par \pard\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs20 The Orders By Customer form demonstrates how to switch data sources for a control programmatically at run time. The Define Query and Activate Query code demonstrates how to construct parameterized SQL queries from user input at run time, and how to switch between data sets programmatically.
\par 
\par \{bmc BrowseClip.bmp\}
\par \plain\f3\fs3  
\par This help file was created with an unregistered copy of Help & Manual. \'a9 EC Software. All rights reserved. This message will not appear if you compile this help file with the registered version of Help & Manual.
\par 
\par\pard

{\page}

{\pard\plain\f0\fs20
{\up #}{\footnote {\up #}23.5tz}
{\up $}{\footnote {\up $}Items}
{\up +}{\footnote {\up +}DUMMY:1}{\up K}{\footnote {\up K}inventory;parts inventory;stock}
}
\deflang1024\pard\keepn\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs24\cf1\b Items\plain\f3\fs5\cf2\b 
\par \plain\f0\fs20\cf0
\deflang1024\pard\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs5\cf2\b  
\par \pard\plain\f3\fs2\cf2\b  
\par \pard\li500\ri140\fi-350\plain\f3\fs20 The Browse Items form enables you to browse and edit the STORES inventory
\par \plain\f3\fs3  
\par \pard\plain\f3\fs2  
\par \pard\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs20 The form contains a \plain\f3\fs20\i TDBGrid\plain\f3\fs20  for displaying all parts and backordered Items, a \plain\f3\fs20\i TDBNavigator\plain\f3\fs20  control for scrolling through records, a Backorder button for querying to see all parts on back order, an Edit button that displays the {\uldb UNREGISTERED DEMO VERSION}{\v ail_10>Main} form for adding or modifying Items, and a Close button for exiting the form.
\par \plain\f3\fs3  
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Browse Items demonstrates how a single data source can be used by either a TTable or TQuery component. By default, when the form appears, it displays data for all Items from the TTable component. Clicking the Backorders button invokes code that connects TQuery to the data source and executes a query that displays only those Items on back order.
\par \plain\f3\fs3  
\par \pard\li500\ri140\fi-350\plain\f3\fs2  
\par \plain\f3\fs3 \{bmc GridClip.bmp\}
\par This help file was created with an unregistered copy of Help & Manual. \'a9 EC Software. All rights reserved. This message will not appear if you compile this help file with the registered version of Help & Manual.
\par\pard

{\page}

{\pard\plain\f0\fs20
{\up #}{\footnote {\up #}ail_10}
{\up $}{\footnote {\up $}Edit Items}
{\up +}{\footnote {\up +}DUMMY:1}{\up K}{\footnote {\up K}edit parts;modify parts}
}
\deflang1024\pard\keepn\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs24\cf1\b Edit Items\plain\f2\fs16 
\par \plain\f0\fs20\cf0
\deflang1024\pard\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs5\cf2\b  
\par \pard\plain\f3\fs2\cf2\b  
\par \pard\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs20 The Edit Items form enables you to add or modify Items in the STORES inventory, and print information about Items.
\par \plain\f3\fs3  
\par \plain\f3\fs20 The form contains a \plain\f3\fs20\i TDBNavigator\plain\f3\fs20  control for scrolling through records, adding and deleting records, and posting or canceling changes. It contains six \plain\f3\fs20\i TDBEedit\plain\f3\fs20  controls for display, entry, and modification of fields in the ITEMS table. It also contains a \plain\f3\fs20\i TDBLookupComboBox\plain\f3\fs20  control for display, entry, and modification of vendor names in the VENDORS table based on vendor numbers in the ITEMS table.
\par \plain\f3\fs3  
\par \pard\plain\f3\fs2  
\par \pard\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs3  
\par \pard\plain\f3\fs2  
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \{bmc ItemsClip.bmp\}
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \pard\li500\ri140\fi-350\plain\f3\fs3  
\par \{bmc GridClip.bmp\}
\par This help file was created with an unregistered copy of Help & Manual. \'a9 EC Software. All rights reserved. This message will not appear if you compile this help file with the registered version of Help & Manual.
\par\pard

{\page}

{\pard\plain\f0\fs20
{\up #}{\footnote {\up #}f3cj1p}
{\up $}{\footnote {\up $}Reports}
{\up +}{\footnote {\up +}DUMMY:1}{\up K}{\footnote {\up K}displaying reports;printing reports;reports}
}
\deflang1024\pard\keepn\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs24\cf1\b Reports\plain\f3\fs24\cf2\b 
\par \plain\f3\fs5\cf2\b  
\par \plain\f0\fs20\cf0
\deflang1024\pard\plain\f3\fs2\cf2\b  
\par \pard\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs20 The Reports form lets you specify three different types of reports to print:
\par \plain\f3\fs3  
\par \pard\li360\ri140\fi-180\tx360\plain\f3\fs20 \{bmc _bm0.bmp\}\tab \tab \plain\f3\fs20\i Customer\plain\f3\fs20  \plain\f3\fs20\i List\plain\f3\fs20  lists STORES customers.
\par \plain\f3\fs3  
\par \plain\f3\fs20 \{bmc _bm0.bmp\}\tab \tab \plain\f3\fs20\i Orders\plain\f3\fs20  \plain\f3\fs20\i History\plain\f3\fs20  details the orders placed with STORES.
\par \plain\f3\fs3  
\par \plain\f3\fs20 \{bmc _bm0.bmp\}\tab \tab \plain\f3\fs20\i Invoice\plain\f3\fs20  provides a full report on a specified invoice.
\par \{bmc _bm0.bmp\}\tab \tab \plain\f3\fs20\i Master of MainStores\plain\f3\fs20  provides a full report on a specified inventory.
\par 
\par \plain\f3\fs3  
\par \pard\plain\f3\fs2  
\par \pard\li180\ri140\tx360\plain\f3\fs3  
\par \pard\plain\f3\fs2  
\par \pard\li180\ri140\tx360\plain\f3\fs3 This help file was created with an unregistered copy of Help & Manual. \'a9 EC Software. All rights reserved. This message will not appear if you compile this help file with the registered version of Help & Manual.
\par 
\par\pard

{\page}

{\pard\plain\f0\fs20
{\up #}{\footnote {\up #}Ind390vq2}
{\up $}{\footnote {\up $}Close}
{\up +}{\footnote {\up +}DUMMY:1}{\up K}{\footnote {\up K}close;exit;quit}
}
\deflang1024\pard\keepn\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs24\cf1\b Close\plain\f3\fs5\cf2\b 
\par \plain\f0\fs20\cf0
\deflang1024\pard\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs5\cf2\b  
\par \pard\plain\f3\fs2\cf2\b  
\par \pard\li500\ri140\fi-350\plain\f3\fs20 To exit STORESAPP, click Close, or choose File|Exit from the menu.
\par \plain\f3\fs3  
\par This help file was created with an unregistered copy of Help & Manual. \'a9 EC Software. All rights reserved. This message will not appear if you compile this help file with the registered version of Help & Manual.
\par\pard

{\page}

{\pard\plain\f0\fs20
{\up #}{\footnote {\up #}344ae.}
{\up $}{\footnote {\up $}Help on Help}
{\up +}{\footnote {\up +}DUMMY:1}{\up K}{\footnote {\up K}help;MASTAPP help}
}
\deflang1024\pard\keepn\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs24\cf1\b Help on Help\plain\f3\fs24\cf2\b 
\par \plain\f3\fs5\cf2\b  
\par \plain\f0\fs20\cf0
\deflang1024\pard\plain\f3\fs2\cf2\b  
\par \pard\li360\tx540\tx720\tx910\tx1080\tx1270\tx1440\plain\f3\fs20 MSTORESAPP help demonstrates how to access a custom help file from a Delphi application.
\par This help file was created with an unregistered copy of Help & Manual. \'a9 EC Software. All rights reserved. This message will not appear if you compile this help file with the registered version of Help & Manual.
\par\pard

{\page}

{\pard\plain\f0\fs20
{\up #}{\footnote {\up #}Indkfnv34}
{\up $}{\footnote {\up $}Splash Screen}
{\up +}{\footnote {\up +}DUMMY:1}{\up K}{\footnote {\up K}banner;splash screen;start-up screen}
}
\deflang1024\pard\keepn\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs24\cf1\b Splash Screen\plain\f3\fs5\cf2\b 
\par \plain\f0\fs20\cf0
\deflang1024\pard\li180\ri140\plain\f3\fs5\cf2\b  
\par \pard\plain\f3\fs2\cf2\b  
\par \pard\li360\ri140\plain\f3\fs20 The Splash screen appears when STORESAPP starts.
\par 
\par \plain\f3\fs3 
\par 
\par \{bmc FlashClip.bmp\}
\par This help file was created with an unregistered copy of Help & Manual. \'a9 EC Software. All rights reserved. This message will not appear if you compile this help file with the registered version of Help & Manual.
\par\pard
}
